hello oh hello do you happen to be
Elizabeth Kittredge that's me all right
oh that's great so my name is Ashley
Steven and I will be your driving
instructor for today okay now that
you've met me how about we take a look
at the course I've been doing this for
25 years so you'll be safe with me so
the first part is simple you just drive
and just don't hit over the cones but
it's when you get to old granny mcjones
which is the trouble that people get -
so - he's pretty much just like a old
lady she moves back and forth it's
probably not hard at all like tons of
people have passed this test except for
the fact this last part is a little
tricky parallel parking but I think you
know how to do it and trust me over the
past 25 years I've never had one of my
students fail so don't fail me oh this
is too much chitchat let's get this
driving test over with okay so I assume
you've read all the safety precautions
already I did elsewise okay so in the
study whoa whoa what would city come on
whoa whoa that's mark steady off the
list
no the crannies coming whoa
let's we're gonna crack ha we crashed so
do you think you did
I'm gonna kill you